Fido2 update tests (#20876)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: tests/sys/fido2_ctap_hid/README.md

interaction the latter does.

Before running the tests, you need to first flash the device with this test application. The tests communicate with the authenticator via USB. Therefore, when using a board like the nrf52840dk, you **must** use two USB cables: one for programming the SoC and receiving output and another for direct USB communication with the authenticator through the second USB port.

**fido2-test:**

1. Flash the device with `make flash`.
2. Run the unit tests by running `make fido2-test`.

**fido2-test-up:**

1. Make sure to enable user interaction by setting `CONFIG_FIDO2_CTAP_DISABLE_UP=0` in the Makefile.
2. Flash the device with `make flash`.
3. Run the unit tests by running `make fido2-test-up` and follow the instructions. E.g. when `.ACTIVATE UP ONCE` is displayed, press the configured UP button (default button 1) once.

Note:
* Running the tests for the first time will setup a virtual python environment (venv) and install python dependencies of the tests. To check the dependencies please refer to the requirements.txt of the fido2-tests repository.
* The tests require python 3.6+.

> * The tests require [swig](http://www.swig.org/) to be installed on your host computer.

Reviewer: I also needed to install https://packages.debian.org/de/sid/libpcsclite-dev on my debian system for the venv to be successfully created.

Author: Added to the required packages :)

* The unit tests will require you to reboot the authenticator multiple times. Be patient before continuing as it takes a few seconds for the connection between OS and authenticator to be re-established.

> * If you keep getting errors while trying to run the tests try changing to another git branch and back e.g. `git checkout branch1 && git checkout -` in order to remove build artifacts. Then re-flash the device with `make flash term` and try to run the tests again with `make fido2-test` or `make fido2-test-up`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you keep getting errors while trying to run the tests try `make clean` in order to remove build artifacts. Then re-flash the device with `make flash` and try to run the tests again with `make fido2-test` or `make fido2-test-up`.
```
